[docs] Replace some images, gifs with videos (#2662)
mui/mui-toolpad: docs/data/toolpad/concepts/managing-state.md

Page parameters allow you to pass external data into the Toolpad page state via the URL query parameters.

<video controls width="auto" height="100%" style="contain" alt="custom-component-creation">
  <source src="/static/toolpad/docs/concepts/managing-state/page-parameter-1.mp4" type="video/mp4">
  Your browser does not support the video tag.
</video>

### Setting parameters

> You can set page parameters through the option to do so available in the **Inspector** when no component is selected. You can add multiple parameters along with a default value for each.

Reviewer: > You can set page parameters through the option to do so available in the **Inspector** when no component is selected.

This sentence feels weird

### Using parameters

> The parameters that you add are made available in the **scope** for data binding under the `page.parameters` global variable. The value that the parameter assumes at runtime is the value that is passed in through a URL query parameter.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The parameters that you've added are available in the global scope for data bindings under the `page.parameters` variable. The value that the parameter assumes at runtime is the value that is passed through a URL query parameter.

For example: if you define a page parameter `foo` and access the page with `?foo=123`, then the value of `page.parameters.foo` in the bindings will be `"123"`.
```
